hello guys doing bumblebee here bring
you another review today we're going to
be looking at
it's not a toy this is definitely
definitely not a toy and I think it's a
replica because I've seen it in a movie
once but today we're going to be looking
at the something very old that I've had
for a long time the jim bowie knife
replica so there it is I've had this for
a long time it's really dusty I found it
in my closet if you're hearing laughter
in the background I'm sorry it's the day
before Thanksgiving so I wanted to do
like a review for Thanksgiving that
would seem sort of kind of like it when
I think of this I think of old western
because it has to solve this in the old
western movie and when I think of all
the western for some reason I think of
Thanksgiving so I don't know but um it's
got this nice stand and it can't come
out this is also very dusty it's a
little bent which kind of sucks I can't
grab my knife and it is sharp but it's
got it's got some nice detail right here
of stars and it's it's very nice knife
you know it's very shiny as you can see
and I just got a text message but yeah
look you can see me hi Hey
but yeah it's pretty cool it's got this
nice bio here don't bring this forward
and sort of zoom up is so you can read
it okay
so yeah it's a pretty cool pretty cool
knife this kind of makes me want to go
outside and just start swinging this at
my tree and you can see when I was a
little kid cuz I've had this for a long
time I didn't know I didn't think right
so I did swing this at my tree when I
was a little kid and I sharpen knives
with this and I knives but sticks with
this you know I was a little kid I was
stupid
I've had this since I was like four so I
don't know how much this would cost you
online I'm guessing it's the Jim Bowie
knife because it says Jim Bowie right
there says the knife of Jim Bowie so I'm
calling it the Jim Bowie knife and
that's what I believe it was called on
the packaging a long long time ago but
yeah this is a short review for
Thanksgiving and you know I might ask
you if I can cut my turkey with this
yeah this is this is our turkey cutting
knife no I'm just joking but anyway
please rate comment subscribe follow me
on Twitter and I'll talk to you guys
later bye